1.0 	The way of the program.
	The single most important skill for a computer scientist is problem solving. 
	
1.1	The Python programming language.
	Python is a high-level language like C, C++, Perl, Java. 
	Low-level language is machine language or assembly language.
	Interpreters and compliers required to process high-level language.
	Interpreter: Source code —> Interpreter —> Output
	Compiler: Source code —> Compiler —> Object code —> Executor —> Output
	The Chevron “>>>” is prompt to indicate “ready” type 1+1 to get interpreted 2
	Python script ends with .py
	Interpreter is only good for a few lines. Anything more needs to be a script.
	
1.2	What is a program.
	A sequence of instructions that specifies how to perform a computation.
	Does not have to be mathematical, can also be used to replace text.
	Input - Get data from a source (keyboard or other file)
	Output - Display data (on screen or to another device)
	Math - basic math operations
	Conditional Execution - check for condition and execute appropriately
	Repetition - Perform action repeatedly (some with variation).
	
1.3	What is debugging
	Programming error are called bugs, and fixing them is called debugging

1.3.1	Syntax Errors
	Parentheses comes in matching pairs ( and ) when 1 is missing it’s syntax error.

1.3.2	Runtime Errors
	Does not appear until after the program has started running
	Also called “exceptions” because because indicates something exceptional happened

1.3.3 	Sematic Errors
	Will not generate error messages, but program will not do the right thing.		
1.3.4	Experimental debugging
	If hypothesis was correct, modify program and you can predict outcome.
	Programming is the process of gradually debugging until it does what you want.		
1.4	Formal and natural languages
	Natural language are language people speak. Not designed, but evolved naturally
	Formal language are designed by people for specific application. i.e.:Mathematic
	Programming languages are formal language that have been designed to express computation
	
anything after 1.4 seems pretty useless
Skip to Chapter 2

